Unsaved changes modal (#252)
kyma-project/luigi: docs/luigi-client-api.md

Returns **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** node parameters, where the object property name is the node parameter name without the prefix, and its value is the value of the node parameter. For example `{sort: 'asc', page: 3}`.

### getPathParams

Returns the dynamic path parameters of the active URL.
Path parameters are defined by navigation nodes with a dynamic **pathSegment** value starting with **:**, such as **productId**.
All path parameters in the current navigation path (as defined by the active URL) are returned.

Returns **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** path parameters, where the object property name is the path parameter name without the prefix, and its value is the actual value of the path parameter. For example `{productId: 1234, ...}`.

## linkManager

The Link Manager allows you to navigate to another route. Use it instead of an internal router to:

-   Route inside micro front-ends.
-   Reflect the route.
-   Keep the navigation state in Luigi.

### navigate

> Navigates to the given path in application hosted by Luigi. It contains either a full absolute path or a relative path without a leading slash that uses the active route as a base. This is the standard navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigates to the given path in the application hosted by Luigi. It contains either a full absolute path or a relative path without a leading slash that uses the active route as a base. This is the standard navigation.
```

Reviewer 2: done

```javascript
LuigiClient.linkManager.withParams({foo: "bar"}).navigate("path")

// Can be chained with context setting functions such as:
LuigiClient.linkManager.fromContext("currentTeam").withParams({foo: "bar"}).navigate("path")
```

Returns **[linkManager](#linkmanager)** link manager instance.

### pathExists

> Checks if the path you can navigate to exists in the main application. For example, you can use this helper method conditionally display a DOM element like a button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the path you can navigate to exists in the main application. For example, you can use this helper method conditionally to display a DOM element like a button.
```

Reviewer 2: done

### addBackdrop

Adds a backdrop to block the top and side navigation. It is based on the Fundamental UI Modal, which you can use in your micro front-end to achieve the same behavior.

### removeBackdrop

Removes the backdrop.

### setDirtyStatus

> Makes current page dirty or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes current page dirty or not.
```

Reviewer: Could you explain in more details what is meant in this sentence? As for the periods at the end of the sentence and starting it with the verb without a subject I am against but added it here to keep the consistency in the whole text as I can see the rest starts and end similarly.

Reviewer 2: This method informs the main application that the current page in the iframe is dirty, like for example a page with form fields which has been modified from their original values.

Reviewer 2: done

> This method informs the main application that the current view in the iframe has unsaved changes, like for example a view with form fields which have been edited but not yet submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method informs the main application that there are unsaved changes in the current view in the iframe. For example, that can be a view with form fields which were edited but not submitted.
```

Reviewer 2: done

#### Parameters

> -   `isDirty` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** tells if current page/component has any unsaved changes at the moment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `isDirty` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** tells if the current page or component has any unsaved changes at the moment
```

Reviewer 2: done
